RSK: implement sorting on empty query string (#149)
inveniosoftware/react-searchkit: docs/docs/components/react_search_kit.md

  - **customHandler** `object`: override entirely the default class `UrlHandlerApi`.

- **searchOnInit** `boolean` _optional_

  A boolean to perform a search when the application is mounted. Default `true`.

- **appName** `string` _optional_

  A name identifier to distinguish uniquely the application. Useful if multiple ReactSearchKit apps are loaded in the same page. Default `RSK`.

- **eventListenerEnabled** `boolean` _optional_

  If `true` the application listens to the `queryChanged` event else if `false` no listener is registered. When this event is emitted the application triggers a search based on the payload that is passed to the event at the emission time. Default `false`.

- **initialQueryState** `object` _optional_

  Set the initial state of your ReactSearchKit application. It will be used to render each component with these default selected values and to perform the first search query, if `searchOnInit` is set to `true`.
  The object keys must match the query state fields and the values must be valid values that correspond to the values passed to each parameters.

- **defaultSortingOnEmptyQueryString** `object` _optional_

>   It is sometimes useful to automatically change the default sorting in case the query string is set or empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is sometimes useful to automatically change the default sorting in case the query string is set or left empty.
```

  A typical case is when your app should return by default the most recent items when the user did not search for anything in particular, but it should instead return the best matching items when searching with a particular query string.

>   You can enabled this behavior by defining in the `initialQueryState` the expected sorting when the query string is set by the user, and an alternative sorting when empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can enable this behavior by defining in the `initialQueryState` the expected sorting when the query string is set by the user, and an alternative sorting when left empty.
```
